Fix #176: Create semver 3.0.0-dev.1 (#290)
python-semver/python-semver: README.rst

.. teaser-end

.. note::

>    This project works for Python 3.5 and greater only. If you are

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   This project works for Python 3.6 and greater only. If you are
```
Just making sure we are consistent with our testing

   looking for a compatible version for Python 2, use the
   maintenance branch |MAINT|_.

>    The last version of semver which supports Python 2.7 and 3.4 will be

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   The last version of semver which supports Python 2.7 to 3.5 will be
```
